Continental United States has 4 time zones, can you name them?
What was the Turkish city of Istanbul called before 1930?
From which US city do the band The Killers originate?
Name the Coffee shop in US sitcom Friends
How many human players are there on each side in a polo match?
In what year did Tony Blair become British Prime Minister?
How many times has England won the men’s football World Cup?
What is the capital of New Zealand?
Street artist Banksy is originally associated with which British city?
From what grain is the Japanese spirit Sake made?
In which part of your body would you find the cruciate ligament?
What is the name of the main antagonist in the Shakespeare play Othello?
What element is denoted by the chemical symbol Sn in the periodic table?
What is the name of the 1976 film about the Watergate scandal, starring Robert Redford and Dustin Hoffman?
How many of Henry VIII’s wives were called Catherine?
What was the most popular girls name in the UK in 2019?
Which comedian was the second permanent host of Never Mind the Buzzcocks after Mark Lamarr?
Which popular video game franchise has released games with the subtitles World At War and Black Ops?
In what US State is the city Nashville?
Which rock band was founded by Trent Reznor in 1988?
What is the currency of Denmark?
Which Tennis Grand Slam is played on a clay surface?
In which European country would you find the Rijksmuseum?
How many films have Al Pacino and Robert De Niro appeared in together?
What was the old name for a Snickers bar before it changed in 1990?
Who was the head of state in Japan during the second world war?
What is the smallest planet in our solar system?
Who wrote the novels Gone Girl and Sharp Objects?
Which legendary surrealist artist is famous for painting melting clocks?
Which football club plays its home games at Loftus Road?
How many permanent teeth does a dog have?
What is the most sold flavour of Walker’s crisps?
What is the full postcode of the Houses of Parliament?
What is someone who believes in antidisestablishmentarianism opposed to the disestablishment of?
What does the Latin Tempus mean in English?
How many chukkers are there in a polo match?
On average how far away is the moon from the earth in miles?
What’s longer, a nautical mile or a mile?
Saying the name of what dried fruit used to be used to encourage people to smile before a photo in the 1800s, before the phrase “cheese?”
Which country in the world is believed to have the most miles of motorway?
What is the name of Dua Lipa’s 2020 album release?
Name the song and the artist for the following lyric: “Maybe I’m foolish, maybe I’m blind, thinking I can see through this and see what’s behind”
Matt Goss, Luke Goss and Craig Logan made up which band?
In what year did The Beatles split up?
What is rapper P Diddy’s real name?
Complete this Spice Girls lyric: “If you wanna be my [BLANK], you gotta get with my friends”
Which two musicians collaborated on Another Way To Die, the theme song to 2008’s 007: Quantum of Solace?
Gary and Martin Kemp were in what band?
In what decade was pop icon Madonna born?
Which two country singers famously sang together on 1983 song Islands in the Stream?
Who won 2019’s Sports Personality of the Year?
How many goals did England score (excluding penalty shoot-outs) at the Mens’ 2018 FIFA World Cup?
Ben Stokes inspired England’s 2019 Cricket World Cup final victory over New Zealand – who scored the second-highest number of runs in the match for England?
How many different teams have won the Premier League since the start of the inaugural season in 1992/93?
What are the five colours of the Olympic rings?
What score did cricketing legend Don Bradman average as a batsman across his career?
At which venue is the British Grand Prix held?
How many horses are on each team in a polo match?
Where is the US Masters golf tournament held?
Which European city hosted the 1936 Summer Olympics?
